initially when a patient arrives in the
sea dlc will have a consultation visit
where we take the time to sit down with
patients and really hear about each and
every one of their concerns whether it's
just one item or sometimes a whole list
and because we have so many devices and
lasers available here we're able to then
create a very tailored treatment plan
for them and lay out a menu of options
that will best address their very
specific concerns as a prospective
patient you should have the ability to
ask the physician about how many cases
he or she has done specifically how many
times has this physician resurfaced to
patient what is the complication rate
how comfortable is the physician with
new technologies many patients have not
had laser procedures performed on them
before and they have lots of questions
about safety I think that's very
reasonable I've served as the laser
safety officer for the University of
Michigan Health System and the chairman
of the laser safety committee here for
many many years so I can assure you that
patient safety is really at the top of
our priority list well I've had many
many patients over the years who've come
in at times of transition in their life
new careers a change in marital status
where perhaps this was a source of
stress or even sadness at times and when
we're able to do a few aesthetically
oriented procedures in a very
non-invasive way it's it's very clear
with the smiles that they come back with
how much better it makes them feel on
the inside it's really gratifying when a
patient comes in and they've been so
worried about a particular problem and
I'm able to look at it and say you know
what we can fix that in one or two
treatments and yes I can really tell you
this is going to work and to see the
look of relief
on their face when maybe they've been
carrying this worry around for many
years